I live in a shoe I caught the font plant
PO time Hill with my lips you look at
this look is Marlon is must bring clean
English there none of the way to start
Oh a woman's work is never done
oh I've got so many children I don't
know what to do for wish I could live in
a house like you then I wouldn't have to
work so I've got to make the vets feed
the kids
polish the top of the saucepan late wash
their clothes and clean the kitchen
floor Oh lay the fire play the bills
paint the top of the window sills and
oil all the hinges on the doors
every row and three things like a
pentamer or may work hard but I've still
got time to sink a little soul for you
one look at the state of this shoe and
you're right they did enough see roof
leaks ladies afraid I'm just a poor old
lady with no one to help
but dynamism a story point now we know
what to do with a little bit of magic
thank you I'm happy happy boy who make
the shoe it's good
oh wait is that trying to come from way
to the cafe
granted is that you bookworm having a
little snack look at my book I haven't
finished that one I'm supposed to read
everybody a story most of its missing
well we'll make one up then you know
hundreds of them hmm
all right then the book ones house
doesn't have floors it doesn't have
ceilings and it doesn't have doors there
he lives all alone inside the book
he calls his home he hasn't a bit he
hasn't a chair my god
just lots of pictures everywhere yes
from the front to the back wherever you
look there's plenty to see inside his
book the bookworms house doesn't have
floors it does nothing have ceilings
don't have doors they lives all alone
inside the book I call my home
every little rabbit has a funny little
habit of digging a tunnel underground
don't go me he will simply
stay there till
nobody around
you've got
you can't
do you think
you
every little snail has a head and
hesitate and the thing in the middle is
called the shell this body fits inside
it and in case you have to hide it
the Froome for is head in there as well
you've got to
please we write the you think
you got this way
you got
you've got
wherever you think
you got